---
layout: post
title: 研究生英语整理
description: "理论整理"
category: English
tags: [English]
---
{% include JB/setup %}

研究生英语单词和短语整理

第一部分：

commodity 
mall
consultation
perspective
scatter
logistics
rationalize
virtual
withdrawal
original
emergence
superiority
abandon
free-lancer
intense
maintain
foster
efficient
medium
enterprise
monopoly

in more specific terms

from a long-term perspective

after all

on the verge of 

push ahead

bring forward

to date

make losses

1.she is very likely to ring me tonight

2.Understanding this article is beyond my capacity.

3. A fresh coat of paint can transform a room.

4.Acting before thinking always results in failure.

5.He estimated that the work would take three months.

6.we believe that this agreement will positively 
promote the trade between our two countries.

7.The new airport will certainly push ahead the 
tourism in this region.

8.Net economy will have significant influence on the people's life.

9.At yesterday's meeting, he brought forward a new plan for the economic development.

10.To, date, they haven't found the wrecked fishing boat.

第二部分

headquarters
antique
auction
allegation
credibility
journalist
widespread
smuggling
broadcast
reliability
induce
acknowledge
highlight
mute
positive
crucial
imposition
contemporary 
claim
complication
implement
taint
scandal

put up
accuse of
on a  basis

clean up 

turn a blind eye to 

as far as be concerned

put an end to 

lose out

1 to turn a blind eye to the sufferings of the war

2 the 50 anniversary celebration

3 to make public apologies to 

4 a well-timed apology

5 to promote a head of state's public image

6 to put right the public-relations disaster

7 to say sorry for past wrongs

8 recently declassified documents

9 to admit one's own past wrongs

10 to pay compensation for war damage

1 we hope that the Japanese goverment would make a formal apology to the Chinese people for their cruelties committed during the world war two.

2 It turned out that two travelers had been killed.

3 people now look on a television set as an essential facility for life.

4 the head of state who turns a blind eye to the people's sufferings will not gain support from them.

5 the brave young man risked his life in trying to 
save the child from the lake.


第三部分

engineering
range
dam
circuit
handicapped
ingenuity
sturdy
lever
irrigation
gigantic
feat
aqueduct
plane
wedge
axle
harness
ironmaking
distinct
metallurgical
mechanical
speciality
breakthrough
obsolete
challenging
trait
aptitude
systematically
orally

to range from to

in prehistoric times

to bring about

to keep pace with

qualify sb for

to be curious about

to meet deadlines


1.translating this book is very difficult

2 It is no use hurrying to the railway station.The train must have left.

3 we know that he is very fond of collecting stamps

4 smoking in the classroom is prohibited

5 our task is increasing the production

6 They objected to delaying the meeting until next week.

7 do you mind my closing the window?

8 he avoided giving us a clear answer

9 Are you interested in going to an English play?

10 His method of organizing the work is effective.

第四部分

gusher
dent
heir
ring
pluck
dropout
whiz
boot
haul
beat-up
ample
hatch
franchise
shoestring
biodegradable
frugal

make for

attribute to

get ahead

crawl with

stretch back to

hold on to

tinker with

on a shoestring

make it

lead to



1 the top ten of the list

2 a beat-up old car

3 stretch back to the 19th century

4 turn one's attention to 

5 to keep one's frugal habit

6 to do business on shoestring budget

1 cultural exchanges make for mutual understanding

2 when three companies wanted to hire her,
  she knew that she had made it.
  
3 The boy held on to the bush until someone climbed 
down the cliff to rescue him.

4 Economiests attributed the lack of progress to poor
cooperation.

5 At that time, it was still possible to land a decent
job without a college education.

6 The forecourt was crawling with security men.

7 I've heard about the grand plot that you two are hatching

8 His answers often ring true.

9 It is surprising that he made a fortune by picking stocks.

10 These people are still doing whatever it was that led to
their success.













